
Thank you. Moving to the next question, we have Shilpa Phadnis from The Times of India on
video. Shilpa, kindly unmute yourself and ask your question.
Shilpa PhadnisGood evening gentlemen. IT companies are looking at a blended way to balance that pyramid it is
a mix of skills and technology. If you can talk about the pricing environment because the pricing
of some of the hot skills has gone up by 4% to 8%. On one hand, you have supplies side challenges
and clients willing to pay the premium for these hot skills. How are you staffing these large deals
that require these skills? My second question is on how the integrated infrastructure deals are
breaking up. Companies are looking at a modular way as to how they can be backloaded for
profitability. So, if you can help us understand whether is re-platforming coming into play here?
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Shilpa. I think on the pricing what we are seeing as you were pointing out is, there is a lot
of value that is created through the digital transformation work. We are seeing, of course, through
this last year increase in compensation costs, we have had three of those within our structure, we
know that that the large enterprises are looking at the world around them and for the first time, in
a very long time we are seeing inflation that is in the environment. With all those factors, we are
now more and more comfortable that we are able to discuss with our clients the value through the
digital programs, and that translating into some pricing improvements over time. In terms of the
infrastructure work and platforms, we have very much seen that I think there is a large cloud
transformation that is in play with clients. We have mentioned our digital business growing at over
40%, our cloud business which is a subset of that is growing faster still and we see that by building
out the new cloud ecosystem of our clients whether they are going with public cloud, whether they
are going with private cloud whether it’s in a SaaS partnership, whether it is building new platform
which is fully cloud basis, cloud-first platform. So very critical as a large part of where we have
seen the future growth coming from.