With that, Rishi back to you and let’s have the questions from everyone on the call.
Rishi Basu
Thank you, Salil. We will now open the floor for questions. Joining Salil is Mr. Nilanjan Roy,
Chief Financial Officer, Infosys. We will now open with the first question. The first question is
from Anisha Jain from ET Now who joins us on video. Anisha, kindly unmute yourself and ask
your question.
Anisha Jain
Hi gentlemen, thank you so much for the opportunity and hope you guys have a safe and happy
2022. Salil, first to you, I have two parts to this question. Obviously, the street will be very excited
by the guidance upgrade that has come in terms of the revenue, but are you confident that the
strong demand outlook will continue not only in the short term, but also in the medium term? What
are you understanding in terms of the client spends and the budgets etc., and will this also reflect
in the deal momentum going forward?
The question for Nilanjan is on the margin picture. I would want to understand that margins have
been fairly resilient till now but with the increase in supply-side pressure, what is the outlook
basically on margin going forward and also how confident are you of meeting the demand given
the high attrition that we are seeing. So, what is happening on the employee attrition being higher
than 25.5%? Thank you.
Salil ParekhThanks for your question. First, we have increased the guidance so there is tremendous confidence
we are seeing with our clients. We had large deals of $2.5 bn, 25 deals in the quarter, our pipeline
itself is very strong and we remain comfortable of the guidance for this financial year which ends
in March. Overall demand environment looks strong. So, we are comfortable as we look out
beyond March as well. The demand outlook is good, the digital transformation is strong, and our
work in cloud and digital remains very good. We are also strong with our supply capabilities. So,
we remain comfortable in delivering all the work for our clients. Let me pass it to Nilanjan for the
second part.
Nilanjan Roy
Two questions you had and the first one on margins. We have been able to broadly hold our
margins this quarter. We were 23.6% last quarter now we are 23.5% and a broad walk would be
about 80-basis points have got invested back into our employees either through corrections or
through promotions. 40-basis points we have actually lost because of lower utilization - which in
a way of good news, as supply-side as you know pressure builds up, so our utilization coming
down is a bit of good news. On the other hand, this has been made up by about 20-basis points of
rupee and cross currency movement. We have also made up about 40-basis points from SG&A
leverage and other one-offs and 50-basis points from a strong cost optimization program. So, all
in all, that takes us to 23.5% and our guidance for the year as you know is 22% to 24% and we
remain quite comfortable operating in that range.
Coming to the supply side like we said we have taken up our graduate hiring program to 55,000
looking at this demand and we are very keenly looking at the attrition figures. One is how do we
bring this down and we see stability for us coming in this quarter, although our numbers are more
on a LTM basis so you would see those numbers inching up. But quarterly we have seen some sort
of stabilization, and we continue to focus on all of these employee interventions and at the same
time we do not want to let go off any demand. Therefore, hiring program as well as lateral program
continues unabated.