
Rishi Basu
Thank you. Moving on to the next question, we have Sankalp Phartiyal from Reuters News.
Sankalp joins us on video. Sankalp please ask your question.
Sankalp Phartiyal
Good evening, everyone. Salil, I had two questions. One is that you said the pricing environment
is very stable, but given the kind of uncertainty that the resurgence of COVID and the omicron
wave has brought about could you give me a sense of what the demand environment, the pricing,
and even the run side of business - the traditional business looks like in your biggest markets? The
other thing I wanted to ask was that I was just attending Wipro’s press conference as well before
coming here and they seem to say that attrition is going to be a problem for the next few quarters
but perhaps would be moderate? You have outlined some plans, can you tell us what more are you
doing to attract talent to your company and make them stay here because you are competing with
startups that potentially offer more money and more ESOPs and incentives and also if there is any
change in hiring plans whether you are stepping up freshers and laterals? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for those questions. Nilanjan will come back on the attrition and the recruitment, which is
very robust. On the pricing, what we discussed earlier, we are seeing a relatively stable
environment in pricing if I look specifically at the deals, we have had in this previous quarter
versus the quarter before that. So, we have not seen any big changes. What we have put in place
that Nilanjan shared earlier are ways to communicate where we are creating tremendous value for
our clients through the digital work and there, we would see over time that there will be some
benefits through pricing. As we are seeing what we have done with compensation over the last 12months with three different times, we have increased the compensation in a very significant focus
on our employees. Those things will come, and we will be in a position overtime to get that sort
of a pricing impact with our clients as well. So we feel quite comfortable today with a good demand
environment, relatively stable pricing, and some initiatives, which are medium-term which will
help us with more value with respect to the digital work we are doing. Nilanjan, over to you.
Nilanjan Roy
The attrition question like I mentioned of course we remain very focused. It is absolutely critical
for us, and this just takes a lot of our time. Besides what Salil mentioned in terms of the
compensation interventions, the whole career pathing of many of these employees as we
communicate, are long-term value propositions with Infosys for many of them. I think that is
something we are rolling out. We are also looking at differentiated talent this year in our campus
hires, so digital specialists with different skill set coming into the company. And thirdly, reskilling
which remains core to our fundamental business model and how do we digitally skill tag
employees, give them incentives to get reskilled in new technologies. So, it’s a plethora of things
which we are looking at consistently and consecutively like I said, today it is an industry issue,
this is not a company specific issue and as more and more freshers enter overall across the
ecosystem, I think you will see this attrition across the industry and with us coming down.
Rishi Basu