
Rishi BasuThank you. Moving onto the next question, the next question is from the Reema Tendulkar from
CNBC TV18. Reema joins us on video. Reema, kindly unmute yourself and ask your question.
Reema Tendulkar
Gentlemen, good evening, and congratulations on a very strong set of numbers. Salil, my first
question is what changed in three months for you to give such a large upgrade to your guidance
and secondly on deal wins. We have the large deal win number at $2.53 bn, but increasingly the
anecdotal evidence suggests that we are seeing a lot of shorter deals, so could you give up some
sense of the sub $50 mn deals, how much higher is it, today say compared to three months ago or
a year ago and even if you could tell us the deal pipeline, how would it compare to say a year ago,
how much higher will that number be?
Nilanjan, you indicated correctly right, the last 12-month attrition does not accurately capture the
attrition numbers, so could you give us the sense of the quarterly annualized attrition, how do that
number trend? Has it been flat quarter-on-quarter? Do you think attrition has peaked? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for your question. I think first on the guidance we are really in a situation where all of the
choices that we made over the last several years specifically building on digital, on cloud, on the
new areas that our clients are looking for, what clients are buying, or where we see it resonates
with clients, all of those digital transformation programs are very strong and we could see our
execution remain good and that gave us, the ability to increase our guidance as we are in the fourth
quarter here. We believe strongly that this is a sort of growth in the market, and we are fortunate
with the trust of our clients to capture that. In terms of the pipeline, there were $2.5 bn large deals
for us. Large deals are deals which we classify over $50 mn in size and so this is a very strong
indicator to have when the business is evolving. We have 25 deals in that space, $2.5 bn. The
overall pipeline today is larger than what we had at any time in our past. We remain comfortable
with the pipeline and with where digital transformation programs are going. We remain aligned to
what our clients are looking for. With that let me pass it to Nilanjan.
Nilanjan RoySo, like I said we are very sharply focused on this figure, and of course, this is an industry issue
and if I step back really, I think the volume growth for this industry has to come from freshers
because churn at one level is just rotational, so as the freshers feed in across the industry just not
in Infosys, I think, you will see this number inching down across all the players. We have seen in
this quarter, while we do not declare the number, we have seen stabilization, and as we look ahead,
we are seeing some drop-off of that, but we will have to wait and watch. But clearly, as we ramp
up the freshers into the system, I think you should see some benefit across, so we are quite happy
with where we are but agree that the numbers are high.