
Rishi Basu
Thank you. Moving on to the next question. We have Harshada Sawant from CNBC Awaaz.
Harshada, kindly unmute yourself and ask your question.
Harshada Sawant
Good evening gentlemen and greetings for the new year. It is a great quarter for you. Salil, I wanted
to ask you that of course, deal wins have been strong, but you have these new deals that you have
signed in the third quarter, are you seeing the pricing getting better from the previous quarter? Are
the clients are ready to spend higher and are you able to command the pricing when you are signing
these new deals? Secondly, more importantly, you said that most of the growth is coming from the
manufacturing sectoral, can you give us some idea, what will be the situation for retail going
forward? Nilanjan, one question for you, if you can give us a view on margins that margins going
forward would be stable because this time, the cost for travel has not been incurred? Last quarter
when we had the conversation with you where you have said that the costs for travel shall increase
from Q4 onwards, with Omicron, has this been offset?
Salil Parekh
Thank you for that question. The pricing part which you are talking about, there what we are seeing
is, we had a strong set of large deals, and we are seeing the pricing environment is quite stable.
One of the things that Nilanjan mentioned earlier, which is there is real value to a lot of the digital
work that we are doing, and we are putting that in place as we discuss large programs with clients
and clients are receptive in this environment because they are seeing that we are a leading player
for digital today in helping them in their transformation. So, we feel quite comfortable that whilethis quarter’s pricing was stable, we will see something going ahead as we see an improvement in
the value that we are communicating. Now, what are the type of spends. There are two types of
spends. One is companies are increasing their spends on what they want to do for digital
transformation so just as a percentage of their revenue that the amount that they want to spend on
technology is going up. The second is in many companies we are seeing that they are looking at
this also from a CAPEX perspective from something they want to invest for the future, it is not
just an OPEX spend. Today we are seeing good traction in that sense on spends that is available
when companies decide to launch the digital transformation and we feel comfortable to be
partnering with them on that journey, Nilanjan, over to you.
Nilanjan Roy
Thanks, Harshada, on your travel question, I think the industry entirely is in a way not traveling
and therefore there is a benefit which we have seen versus the pre-COVID area, but even if you
strip that out you have seen that improvement in our underlying margins. Of course, as the next
year progresses, we will have to see where does the travel open up at what stage, but having said
that we have also seen that we have been able to strike these billions of dollars of deals pretty much
virtually and in that sense that good news that we are able to work remotely in this new
environment quite well and hopefully as the world opens up, we do not need to go back to the
same kind of mad rush that we used to have, but I think that is something we will continue to look
at these headwinds whether it is travel or cost increases on our employees and like I have said
earlier our cost optimization program continues to be really in top gear and we have to work
continuously to offset that. So, we remain quite confident in our 22% to 24% range for this year.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. The next question is from Sharad Dubey from ET Now Swadesh. Sharad joins us on
video. Sharad, please unmute and ask your question.
Sharad Dubey
Thank you and congratulations on your strong results. The first question is for Salil, the reason for
strong deals, revenue guidance going up are due to the digital transformation program which isgoing on. I want to understand in which segment do you see getting long-term digital
transformation projects and how is your negotiation power? Nilanjan, I have a question for you
also, the question is related to issues with margins. There were issues related to Daimler's deal,
however, despite this, there was a good performance on margin. What are the levers going forward
and how will you manage margins for the next two quarters?
Salil Parekh
Thank you for your question. What we are seeing is there is a lot of different digital transformations
going on in different sectors. So, one example was manufacturing, which is growing at 48%. We
are also seeing for example in the retail sector, growth of 19.8%. We are seeing financial services
which I mentioned earlier at 15.5%. Our communication segment is looking strong at over 22%
growth. Life science is also looking very strong. What we see is across many industry companies
are looking to launch their transformation and in doing that we see programs, which will go
through a long duration. Many companies which have seen what has happened in the last 18
months with all of us working in a different way are starting to realize the benefit of driving digital.
How do you get better connect with customers? How do you make sure your employee connect is
better? How do you make sure your internal processes are more efficient because this is all
allowing with customers buying their own growth, with employees to make sure there is a much
more robust set of connections and that is helping us receive digital transformation being driven.
Today really it is broad-based, the strongest being Manufacturing for us, Life Sciences,
Communications and also Retail. Nilanjan, over to you.
Nilanjan Roy
Sharad as you see our portfolio if I look at the margin side, we have multiple number of deals.
There are large deals which are entering the third, fourth, and fifth year where we are doing much
more optimization. There may be new deals entering the portfolio, which are freshly minted and,
in the sense, have initially higher costs and when we look at the overall margin structure that is all
what we put together so the whole portfolio what is happening, deals are getting much more
profitable on one side and one side and new deals are coming in. So, that is one part of the overall
margin management equation. Secondly, like I said, we are putting in a lot of cost optimization.Automation is one. The other is of course the pyramid and the freshers like we have said. When
we started the year, we had said that we will hire around 25000 freshers, and in the third quarter
we have hired around 55000 and that is helping at the bottom of the pyramid as well. So, we have
a number of levers, and we keep on deploying those which are more relevant for the business, and
they are helping us to make sure that these margins remain flat from quarter to quarter.