
Thank you. Moving on to the next question, we have Shivani Shinde from Business Standard who
has sent us her questions on text. Gentleman, I am going to read it out. For Salil, Shivani asks,
what impact do you see of the recent COVID variant on business and operations, and what happens
to back to office plans? Next, she asks what happens to the COO role? Will Infosys not have any
COO? And Nilanjan, for you, Shivani asks what has been the impact of currency and what has
been the impact of currency on margins, and what is the hiring target for FY2023?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for those questions from Shivani. I think first what we are seeing with the current Omicron
wave is in many ways all the impact will probably be in this quarter. Now we have seen some ofthat start, of course, in Europe, we see that in the US, of course, in India we are seeing a big wave,
in Australia as well. We have built some estimations based on what we think will be the way this
will play out. In some ways, it seems to be a sharp up and then sharp down. In many ways maybe
the impact of an individual may not be the same number of days and equally we have built very
resilient processes where work from home has worked really well in the past and that’s been
quickly put in place already. Having said all of that and factored that in this is how we build our
guidance update. So, we are very comfortable today in what we are seeing, and how this will
deliver work for our clients given what our estimate is as we look into the situation ahead from
today. What we do with a return to the office discussions, we had started to see really good uptick
on that in about a month or six weeks ago already, in India and other parts of the world. Of course,
given what is happening today we are very focused on employee safety and wellbeing and right
now it is much more remote working and work from home. But as we have learned if it follows
what we have seen in some other countries this wave could be of shorter duration and then
hopefully in back part of the quarter we will start to see more of the return to the office work but
it is completely flexible today and very focused on what employees needs are, while we are making
sure all the works planned is getting done. Nilanjan, over to you.
Nilanjan Roy
So just to add to what Salil said today, 83% of our employees in India have got doubly vaccinated
and another 10% have got the single dose so nearly 93% of our workforce in India is vaccinated
so that is our metrics we have been tracking and increasing this period. Coming back to the hiring
plans, of course, we have a very fluid plan both of freshers and laterals in the year. We have, like
all other companies, gone out to campuses to hire but I think one of the big advantages is during
this time we have been able to master both off campus fresher hiring program and a campus hiring
program. So, we have the flexibility, both, to hire during the off campus period as well as demand
changes, plus we have sort of a fixed demand which we will go out in campus. So that gives us a
lot of flexibility as we look into the year ahead.
Rishi BasuThank you. Before we proceed, may I kindly request our friends from media to restrict to one
question in the interest of time, we just have half an hour left for this press conference. The next
question is from Saritha Rai from Bloomberg who joins us on video. Sarita, kindly unmute yourself
and ask your question.
Saritha Rai
Thank you, Rishi. Hello Salil and hello Nilanjan, I wanted to ask you what signals you are reading
from clients as they plan for the calendar year in terms of whether traditional outsourcing or
consulting, and how do you see this balance skewing in favor of consulting as all of you want that
balance to weigh heavier on the consulting side, I think Salil, you can take the question I would
love to hear from Nilanjan as well.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Saritha. I think what we are seeing for the calendar year from clients is a continuing of
what they want to drive in terms of their change, their digital changes, their cloud changes, and all
the programs we are driving. So, we do not see that something has changed either gone up or gone
down, it remains at the same level of intensity and spends which has been high as you have seen
for the last few quarters. In terms of consulting and technology, our experience with clients is
really they are ready to build out the next phase of the technology environment. There is
tremendous focus on modernization, there is a lot of focus on making sure that the digital
infrastructure, the technology infrastructure is in place, the cloud infrastructure is in place,
everything that is built is cloud-native, where we are looking to work with private cloud or public
cloud in many ways leveraging what we are doing in Cobalt. So really the technology, digital
transformation is the center of what we are seeing with clients and in that, we feel extremely well-
positioned, because that is truly the strength of Infosys. Our delivery engine is extremely robust,
and we have a portfolio capability of services which are focused on cloud and digital which are
helping our clients to transform. Of course, consulting is a critical part, but consulting is a critical
part as it helps to build the framework for these transformations, and the vast majority of what
clients end up doing after the initial consulting is taking the technology spend in making all thatwork. Our own consulting business is growing extremely well in that so the joined-up way with
consulting and technology.