
Rishi Basu
Thank you. Moving to the next question, we have Chandra Ranganathan from Moneycontrol.
Chandra joined us on video. Chandra, kindly unmute yourself and ask your question.
Chandra Ranganathan
Hi Salil, hi Nilanjan thank you for talking to us. Salil, a recent ISG report spoke about how a
majority of the deals were actually small deals and how enterprises are breaking up transformative
projects because they want to execute them really fast. So how do you see Infosys winning in such
scenarios. Are you seeing more of these smaller deals in the market and Nilanjan a question on
freshers’ salaries, is there a case for hiking fresher salaries considering it is pretty much stagnated,
it has just seen a hike of 8% to 9% in the last decade, do you see a case for that? Final question
Salil if you can give us an update on the income tax portal since the returns ended in December
and for some cases, it has been extended to March if you can give us an update on that as well?
Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Chandra. I think in terms of what we are seeing, in terms of the deals, the overall
environment for large transformation programs is very robust, we have seen 25 deals in this quarter
which have each above $50 mn where we have a difference which we talked about before is what
happened is what you called the mega-deals which are much more volatile or lumpy, we still see
a good pipeline where clients are looking at but those are not predictable in the sense of whether
they will come this quarter or next. Our own experience is the volume of deals is very strong and
robust. In many cases there are transformation programs which clients have launched, there are
new programs being launched by other clients and those programs need different kinds of
capabilities be brought together where we are helping to bring multiple service lines to help on
that and sometimes clients break that up into different phases. In many of these cases once one ofthese transformation programs starts and if things are going well, they continue on through
different phases each of them being a significant outlay from a client’s perspective.
Let me address the income tax project and then Nilanjan can address the other part. On the income
tax project, we are extremely proud that from December 31, we have as was reported 5.8 Crores
return filed through that timeframe. On the day itself, over 46 lakhs returns were filed. The deadline
at that day was maintained in the way when the Income tax department saw all these things
working and really all of them using the system saw all of that working. We are extremely grateful
that we could help and contribute to the vision for Digital India that this is enabling. Going forward
we are working of course, very closely with the department on the next set of areas and that will
become part of this system as the new modules are put together and we are extremely happy and
proud with how the December 31, closing and the ending of that deadline went with the 5.8 Crores
returns.
Nilanjan Roy
Chandra your question on the fresher salary, of course, we always continue to look at that, we need
to be competitive always and looking at the overall demand and supply scenario. So, for instance,
this year, digital specialist is something which we have looked at where the whole stack
programmers we have been able to take up salaries for that set of new joinees. You are also aware
of our strong program of training people in Mysore. Of course, now Mysore remains closed, but
we continue to still have 4 months of virtual training before people are put on to production. So,
all this goes into the overall value proposition which we are offering new joinees like I said we
have had a target of about 55000 this year and we are quite confident of meeting that.
Rishi Basu