.Rishi Basu
Thank you. Moving on to the next question. We have Kushal Gupta from Zee Business on video.
Kushal, kindly unmute yourself and ask your question.
Kushal Gupta
Good evening gentlemen. The very first thing is for Salil, the question is that the way we are seeing
the constant currency revenue growth of 7%, which is a very great growth that you have shown
us, I would like to understand that that going forward in FY2023, how can we see the inorganic
growth because the other companies are acquiring smaller IT companies likewise the demand for
digital contracts that is getting increased. The second question is for Nilanjan like the way we are
seeing the increased attrition rate, what is the set of strategies that you have planned to tackle this
and when do you see that this is getting normalized?
Salil Parekh
We had a very spectacular growth at 7% constant currency for the quarter, and we see that
momentum in good shape within the demand environment. What you mentioned about inorganic
growth in terms of acquisition, our acquisition of course remains very focused. We have a good
pipeline of potential candidates. Our focus has been on what can we acquire which will give us a
boost as you were saying in the digital transformation area. These relate to, for example, cloud or
cybersecurity or IoT or other areas which are supporting digital, and we look at different companies
in that. Of course, it is a combination of how will it fit culturally, how will we be doing integration,
and what is the valuation, but this is an ongoing process, and we have a good pipeline that we are
evaluating in terms of acquisition opportunities. Nilanjan over to you for the next part.
Nilanjan Roy
Thank you. So Kushal, on the attrition question, I think we have a three-pronged strategy. I think
the first is about careers is how do we show a more longer-term career to all our employees that
include a cycle of promotions, progressions so that people have visibility on that. Secondly of
course is rewards and compensation, so we competitively always benchmark. Like I said beforethat we have also rolled out special talent retention programs in this quarter as well and we will
continue to do whatever is necessary going ahead. And thirdly is also reskilling that remains critical
in this market as we have continuously upgraded our employee skills. So, we have this three-
pronged strategy across these, and we are confident that we will be able to handle the attrition
issue. For now, of course, there are a lot of market dynamics but over a longer period, we will see
this coming down.