
Rishi Basu
Thank you. Moving on to the next question, the next question is from Sajeet Manghat from
BloombergQuint. Sajeet joins us on video. Sajeet, kindly unmute yourself and ask your question.
Sajeet Manghat
Good evening gentlemen and Happy New Year to both of you. My first question is basically on
the growth which we have been seeing. You have guided for 20% growth for the full fiscal. Do
you see the momentum of deals and the negotiations of which you are currently in to take you to
FY23 with a similar growth rate expected or do you see some tapering happening as we go into
the FY23? Secondly a bit of color on the kind of transformation deals that are happening. Is it just
digital transformation or now companies are also looking at other processes as well which
companies like you can undertake going forward? BFSI and industrial, how do you see growth
coming in from them? Do you see some bit of sluggishness coming in especially Europe where
you have seen COVID impact that has happened in that region there and for Nilanjan you have
mentioned about SG&A and cost optimization of 40 bps which you were able to bring in, is it a
temporary one or can you bring in subsequent quarters as well to maintain that margin?
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Sajeet. I think first on the growth, yes, the guidance increase is for this financial year, the
demand outlook is very strong, the pipeline is larger. What we are working on today with clients
on their transformation programs is still looking very good for us. Of course, we do not giveguidance for the next financial year just now, but everything you see in the demand environment
is positive. The types of work that we are seeing that these relate to all aspects of large enterprises
whether it is relating to how they are engaging with their customers, how they are engaging with
their employees, how they are engaging with the ecosystem, essentially everything is becoming
more and more driven by, how do you make it digital. For example, we have a platform called
Equinox, which is essentially a platform which anyone can use in consumer products, which will
build completely new e-commerce ability and we are seeing tremendous traction of this platform
with all our clients. We have similar platforms in different industries which we are seeing some
benefits from.
In terms of growth, by region Europe is strong with 27% in the quarter. Our Financial Services
also was strong for us at 15% in the quarter, so all of our markets are looking quite good in terms
of growth. Of course, one of the strongest was manufacturing which was about 48% growth in the
quarter. With that over to you, Nilanjan.
Nilanjan Roy
Sajeet, on your question on margins, I think over the last few years, we have a very robust cost
optimization program which we run across the organization. We have a number of levers which
we deploy across this you know the onsite mix, the offshore mix, the pyramid, both onsite,
offshore, automation which remains a big part of our cost optimization and in fact, we have taken
to the next level by using bots at an extremely large scale and of course the other measures like
subcon, etc., so we deploy this over each quarter. Sometime some of them like this quarter the
onsite-offshore worked negatively against us, but we were able to have other cost optimizations
come into place, namely, automation. We have also started looking at pricing in this high-demand
environment. It is important that we start pricing our talent correctly as well and therefore whether
it’s discounts etc., we are able to have some conversations and of course, we realize this is a long
haul, it does not happen overnight. There are existing commitments to clients, but at least in new
deals slowly this will start getting priced; and not only by us but also by the entire market as these
costs start hitting the industry. So, there are a number of things which we are continuously doing,
and we remain quite confident about this program as we look ahead