
Thank you. The next question is from Sai Ishwar from Informist. Sai Ishwar joins us on audio. Sai,
please unmute yourself and ask your question.
Sai Ishwar
Thanks for the opportunity. Salil Sir I just want to know your comment on the FY23 budget, I
mean the calendar year budget for FY2022 from clients, and since BFSI is your biggest bucket do
you see the BFSI clients especially rising in for federal reserve’s interest rate hikes. And Nilanjan
another question for you, just a straight question, can you also share color on the ballpark figure
on FY2023 campus higher targets? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
So, first in terms of the calendar year which has just started, we do not give guidance beyond
March, but the view that we have today is all of our discussions with our clients are giving us good
confidence that digital transformation programs are continuing at the same pace and that they are
moving forward across different industries with what they have planned. In terms of financial
services as a point of fed increasing or indicating that they will increase the interest rates, today
our Financial Services growth was strong in Q3. We continue to see a good pipeline for programsthat we are working on, there also the digital transformation and the cloud work is going extremely
fast. At this stage, we are not seeing that any of them have changed their spending or their
technology focus with the fed interest rates. Of course, we will see how the year progresses and if
that makes any changes on board.
Nilanjan Roy
The question of fresher hiring I think I just answered that. I think we are in the colleges as we
speak, but also as I have said we have built in this flexibility of having both the campus hiring
model plus off campus hiring model during the year which gives the flexibility as demand
increases or decreases. So, I think that is something which we have sort of perfected during this
COVID times, so we remain quite confident of meeting the overall demand requirement for the
next year.