
Rishi Basu
Thank you. Moving on, the next question is from Surabhi Agarwal from Economic Times. Surabhi
joins us on audio. Surabhi could you kindly unmute yourself and ask your question?
Surabhi AgarwalThanks for taking my question. Hello Mr. Parekh. I just want to understand that you have raised
your guidance by 3 points so what gives you the confidence at a time when Omicron is raging
across the world. And does this fresh wave mean more opportunities for IT companies, of course,
it is a healthcare crisis but putting that aside from a business point of view does that mean a fresh
wave of opportunities for companies like Infosys?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for your question. I think in terms of raising the guidance with the Omicron situation is
separate and I will come back to address it. It is obviously a very serious concern for the health
and safety of our employees and everyone around the world. Our guidance really came from an
extremely strong performance that we saw in the third quarter with 7% growth QoQ, over 21%
growth YoY. And the pipeline that we have seen of deals that we are working on and the large
deals that we converted in Q3 which is at $2.5 bn, 25 deals across all our sectors, so those are the
factors that we have put in place. And then seeing that we are very comfortable in scaling up our
capabilities and capacities in supplying what our clients need in providing the service that they
need. All those factors came in to increase the guidance. I think Omicron is a very important and
serious health situation where we are extremely focused on the safety and wellbeing of our
employees. We have already moved very quickly as we have done in the last time on the work
from home. Nilanjan shared the statistics on our vaccination. All around the world, we are
supporting our employees and we have estimated what could be some of the impacts and how that
work from home will be executed for our clients and then factoring that in then we have come up
with the guidance, which we have increased for the full year.
Surabhi Agarwal
Another question I have is given the talent shortage in the industry how are you one, making sure
that people who are there with you stay? Secondly, does the skilling programs change, like Mr.
Roy mentioned that 55000 is the fresher hiring target for this year. So, are you training them in a
way that they can sort of makeup for the shortage in lateral hiring due to the crunch?
Salil ParekhLet me start and if Nilanjan has anything to add, he can do that later. The main focus for us was to
make sure and is to make sure that everything we are doing with our employees is something that
is supporting them, whether it is the engagement with them, looking after them, reskilling that is
a big part of what Infosys has been doing all through the initial skilling, but we are all doing
reskilling. The support through COVID where we did lots of different things, where we enabled
medical and other support for our employees and then making sure that they are developing a long-
term career with Infosys, building their skill and so on. This past quarter in Q3 we added over
12,400 people into the Infosys family. As Nilanjan shared earlier that our plan for this financial
year is to recruit 55,000 college graduates and all of these things are making sure that we have
ready people working on projects that our clients are looking to drive in their digital transformation
and also helping to build a long-term career for all of the employees within Infosys.
Rishi Basu