
Rishi Basu
Thank you. Moving to the last question for this evening, the next question is from Uma Kannan
from The New Indian Express. Uma joins on audio. Uma, kindly unmute yourself and ask your
question.
Uma Kannan
Good evening. My question is, the future of work is hybrid. Like everybody is now talking about
hybrid. So, what are the challenges you are facing in this model and is going to be two years now,
what are the key enablers in adapting to this hybrid reality? Also, my second question is, you
recently acquired Singtel’s Malaysia Delivery Centre. Can we expect more acquisition in this
particular space – ‘Communications’ in future?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for your question. I think on hybrid we have seen a tremendous amount of evolution and
maturity over the past year and half, two years as we have put this into place. The first, there is a
huge amount of flexibility that is now being built into our system, which allows our employees to
work remotely in any configuration. It was hugely supported by our clients and all theinfrastructure that we had built ahead of when COVID started, held us in good stead as we were
able to quickly drive. Today we are able to go back and forth. With this current wave we also move
very quickly to remote working and work from home. What we will do over the next several
quarters as we see the situation evolving is enable employees to work in a hybrid fashion and also
open up the campuses as and when the medical safety allows us to do that. We want to make sure
that we have tremendous flexibility for our employees and then also support our clients where we
need to and where there are requirements where the teams work together for different parts where
they need to move and re-engage in building the social capital. That is the approach that we put in
place. We have been able to flex on this up and down as we see even in the last few weeks with
the new wave coming in and we feel comfortable over time that we need to do more on that in the
medium and long term.
In terms of the discussion on the telecommunication space our acquisition approach is something
we are very focused on. It is really looking at what is going on within the digital ecosystem, the
cloud ecosystem, whether it is in cyber security or the experience or IoT. These are the areas that
we put in the most focus and effort and we are making sure that we look at the steady pipeline of
situations in that. What we had recently was a very strong partnership with Singtel which is a
longstanding client for us and someone who has a lot of trust with Infosys. In that situation we
expanded some of the work that we did through the acquisition that you referenced, but we have
in general an overall picture of driving acquisition in the digital space, and we will continue to do
that across all of the sectors we work in.
Rishi Basu
Thank you. With that we come to an end of this Q&A. We thank our friends from media for being
part of this press conference. Thank you Salil and thank you Nilanjan for being here.
Salil Parekh
Thanks Rishi. Thanks everyone for joining in and wish you all a happy new year.Nilanjan Roy
Thank you everyone, stay safe.
Rishi Basu
Before we conclude please note that the archived webcast of this press conference will be available
on the Infosys website and on our YouTube channel later today. Thank you once again for joining
us and we hope to meet you in person next quarter. Stay safe and have a very good evening. Thank
you.