
Rishi Basu
Thank you Giri. The next question is from Chandra Ranganathan from Moneycontrol. Chandra
please go ahead.
14Chandra Ranganathan
Hi Salil, Pravin Nilanjan, qquestions for all of you. Salil, to begin with a lot of companies are
talking about how the nature of contracts itself is changing. It is becoming larger, more
transformative and they are now going back to the same plans getting renewals, they are getting
bigger ticket size contracts and for longer durations? If you can weigh in on that? Secondly, I
would also like your take on the series of internet IPOs that we are seeing in India, what you
make of this new wave of wealth creation because Infosys has really been the gold standard
when it comes to wealth creation for retail investors. Pravin, a couple of questions. You gave
an update on vaccination. When we spoke to you in July you had mentioned 11,000 people
were vaccinated? You will place an order for 1.2 mn doses to cover all employees and their
dependents. So, can you give us a sense of whether you are getting the supply? How much till
date? Also, in terms of attrition, have you changed it from annualized to LTM because the
number for March is different compared to what you said last time so again can you take us
through why you have sort of decided to do this? One last question on ITR.You mentioned that
you know it is work-in-progress but why does Infosys struggle with government projects in
general in India? Is it because the scope keeps changing for these projects because we have
seen this in the past with MCA 21 and GST also. So, what is really the reason for this?
Salil Parekh
Thanks Chandra. Let me start off there. I think in terms of the type of deals that are going on
with our clients are broadly across what we see in the market. We do not see that there is a
change whether it is duration or the terms of going back to the same client to extend. Our
approach is much more looking at what is the objective our clients are driving and what is the
impact that we can have in helping them achieve that objective. So deals are of different sizes
and different durations and we have not seen a shift if I look back over the last 24 to 36 months.
Of course, during the very first days when COVID started off there was a change in what people
were looking at. There was a lot more focus on cost efficiency, but as we progressed through
this, there is an increased focus on digital transformation and those are the sorts of deals that
we are seeing today. With that let me pass it on to Pravin.
15Chandra Ranganathan
Salil your take on all the action we are seeing on the internet?
Salil Parekh
I think there I follow what I read in the papers and see on social media. This is very impressive
what these companies are building and we wish them all the very best in what they are building.
In any areas in the technology side that we can help, we will absolutely support them.
Pravin Rao
Chandra, on the vaccination front so far we have administered over 230,000 doses. About
120,000 plus employees have been covered. The remaining are the dependents. So this
translates to about 59% of our employees having at least one single dose and about 10% of the
employees having both the doses. We have already placed order for more than half a million
doses. But today the issue is not about supply at least from our perspective, our issue has been
about roughly 50% of our people are no longer in the cities where our DCs are. Their homes
are in tier two and tier three cities and while we have tie ups with hospitals to administer
vaccines for those people wherever they are required, they are also relying on vaccine available
in their own regions and they are trying to get vaccinated. So from our perspective, we have
not seen too much of issue with the supply. Our challenge has been how do you ensure 50% of
our people who are in tier two and tier three cities get themselves vaccinated because they are
dispersed across multiple cities and that is where our focus is on currently.
On the attrition front, earlier we used to do quarterly annualized. Now we have moved to last
12 month basis. So the numbers I gave are comparing relative to the last 12 months basis. This
is the voluntary attrition for IT services. Last quarter, it was 10.9% and this quarter it has moved
up to 13.9%. The reason we have shifted is when we look at all our peers, the majority of them
are using LTM criteria so we thought it is good for us to also align with what seems to be the
common standard in the industry.
On income tax, our focus is right now on trying to address the issues, fix it expeditiously. We
have not really done a post-mortem. There will be time for us to do it much later so right now
our focus is on that so at some point in time we have to really test out and figure out what
16happened and what can we do differently. As we have repeatedly said we are really proud of
all these stuff that we do for India project and the kind of work that we do. It is not a question
of not wanting to do, we are indeed open to do that and we want to do it, but we definitely need
to look at what when wrong here and try to address it in the future.