
Rishi Basu
Thank you, Malavika. The next question is from Shilpa. Shilpa go ahead, please.
Shilpa Phadnis - Times of India
Your offshore effort increased to 76% that is significantly higher and the recent ISG finding
shows that the supply side talent crunch is not impacting the pricing of contracts, so do you
think the automation is causing this decoupling and second question is on attrition, hiring new
talent and rehiring some of them and backfilling them, would mean higher cost especially when
there is a war for technology talent, if we can talk about what kind of retention measures have
really worked, not just for top performers. There is also widening MRE employee gap to the
management, are the benefits more skewed towards senior management and not the junior
employees? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
On the first one, the point with respect to attrition, I think the focus there in terms of how we
work and make sure that we are fulfilling client need is what Pravin was sharing earlier. We
have a program which allows us to bring in a lot of employees, that we have now set a target
for 35,000 college graduates worldwide that will join us and be deployed. We also have
different mechanisms which are focused on making sure that all of the employees have a much
greater engagement, a clear career path, a lot more of focus on reskilling, as we move to the
28digital skill sets, a specialized program where there are digital tags which enable employees to
get specialized bonuses, compensation, projects and of course the focus that we discussed on
promotions. We think all of these things help us as we shared earlier with the net increase of
8,000 employees in the quarter to demonstrate that our brand, our approach to bringing talent
in is still extremely relevant and therefore we are able to fulfill what our client needs are and
grow at the pace at which we are growing here.
Rishi Basu
Thank you, Shilpa. The last question for this evening has been sent by Maya Sharma from
NDTV and I am going to read out her question gentlemen. One of you can choose to respond
to it. In response to the ongoing Zomato IPO and all the new recent unicorns, broadly what
does this mean for the startup sector in India?
Salil Parekh
So, let me take that and others may have a view. I think it is incredible to see the success of all
of these companies, many of them which are based on technology and of course in the way that
they leverage it in the digital ecosystem. I think it is going to give a lot of boost to all technology
businesses within the country and of course give a boost to much more innovation that we see
coming over the years increasingly coming from India.
Rishi Basu
Thank you Salil. With that we come to the end of the Q&A session. We thank our friends from
Media for being part of this press conference and thank you Salil, thank you Pravin, and thank
you Nilanjan for being here. Before we conclude, please note that the archived webcast of this
conference will be available on our YouTube channel and our website later today. Thank you
once again for joining us and have a great evening.